1708 - [Calendar] Changing some event spans is causing missing dates (#1806)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

- `[Accordion]` Fixed a bug where some truncated text elements were not generating a tooltip. ([#1736](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1736))
- `[Calendar]` Event model title color is not correct if the modal is opened and another event is selected. ([#1739](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1739))
- `[Calendar]` Modal is still displayed after changing months. ([#1741](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1741))

> - `[Calendar]` Changing some event spans is causing missing dates on the dialogs. ([#1708](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1708))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Calendar]` Fixed a situation wherein changing some event spans causes missing dates on the dialogs. ([#1708](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1708))
```
